There once was a man named Cleave, he lived in Emerald Ranch in a rickety old 
farmhouse. Cleave has a wife, Darlene, and two small children, Jim and Verona.
Although Cleave loved his wife and kids, he didn't make much money as a farmer
and preferred to spend the little free time he had at the local train station,
playing dominoes with his friend Willie. The buy in was low, so Cleave played
many games, sometimes losing lots of money. But this didn't bother Cleave. 

After a long day of work Cleave entered the train station, ready to play. The
games seemed to fly by and soon it had become 2AM. Cleave got up to leave, but
was stoped by the owner. Cleave, drunk, tried to rush past him but that did
not work. The owner told him that he had bet and lost more money than he could
pay. Cleave stood there unsure of what he should do.

Willie came up to ask Cleave what was going on and Cleave told him that the
owner does not let him leave. Willie also lost money that night so he could
not cover for Cleave. Willie then suggusted that he can find Cleave's wife
for help. Cleave then agreed and sent Willie to his home seeking for help.
Time passed quickly and Cleave was waiting in the station. 

Willie went back to Cleave's home, but he didn't find Cleave's wife or his two 
children. He walked around the house but still found nothing. Suddenly, he thought
about the thing Cleave's wife complained about that Cleave was not a good husband
and hope she could live without him. Willie had no idea what he should do next, should
he went back to tell Cleave the bad news or to find his wife and kids?

Willie suddenly had an idea, why bother telling Cleave at all? Cleave was a decent
friend to him, sure, but Willie had always had a crush on Cleave's wife, Darlene.
Cleave was stuck at the train station drunk and wouldn't be able to leave since he
owed so much money, so he would never know what happened to Willie. Willie found a note
on the table, Darlene had taken the kids to her parents' house for the time being. He
went there and found Darlene, he told her how he felt and he kissed her. It was true love.
Darlene and Willie decided to get married. He was a better husband and father to Darlene
and the kids than Willie had ever been, and they were all so happy for the rest of their
lives. But Cleave, Cleave never had any way to pay off his domino debt from that night.
He died at that train station. 


